1. What’s the difference between a method and a function?

    Method:

        > A method is a function that is associated with a specific type or struct.
        > It is invoked using a receiver, which is an instance of the type or struct.
        > The receiver is passed as an argument to the method and allows the method to access the properties and behavior of the receiver.
        > Methods are defined using the syntax func (r ReceiverType) MethodName().
        > Methods can be used to provide behavior specific to a type or struct and are commonly used in object-oriented programming.

    Function:

        > A function in Go is standalone code that can be invoked from any package.
        > It is not associated with a specific type or struct.
        > Functions are defined using the syntax func FunctionName().
        > Functions can be used for general-purpose tasks and can be called directly without a receiver.

    In summary, the key differences between a method and a function in Go are:

        > A method is associated with a specific type or struct and is invoked using a receiver, while a function is standalone and can be called directly.
        > Methods can access the properties and behavior of the receiver, while functions cannot.

2. Why would you use an embedded anonymous field instead of a normal named
field?


    Embedded Anonymous Field:

        > An embedded anonymous field is a field without a name in a struct or an interface.
        > It can be a struct type or an interface type.
        > It allows the fields of the embedded type to be accessed as if they were fields of the outer type.
        > It can be used to achieve code reuse and composition by embedding a struct into another struct.
        > It can simplify the code by reducing the amount of boilerplate code required to access the fields of the embedded struct.

    Normal Named Field:

        > A normal named field is a field with a name in a struct or an interface.
        > It is used to store data that is specific to the struct or interface.
        > It cannot be used to access the fields of another struct or interface.

    In summary, the key reasons to use an embedded anonymous field instead of a normal named field in Go are:

        > An embedded anonymous field allows the fields of the embedded type to be accessed as if they were fields of the outer type, 
        which can simplify the code and achieve code reuse and composition.
        > A normal named field is used to store data that is specific to the struct or interface and cannot be used to access the fields of another struct or interface.

3. Add a new perimeter method to the Shape interface to calculate the perimeter of
a shape. Implement the method for Circle and Rectangle.

    check the Ex3.go file

This youtube vide helped me in this chapter: https://youtu.be/CcUQbk0M3vY